README.md, before:

# Long tail recovery project for soils

Here are some important resources to get you started:
1) [International Soil Carbon Network](http://iscn.fluxdata.org/) is our parent organization.
2) [Our code of conduct](CONTRIBUTING.md) is based on the [The Contributor Covenant](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/).
3) [Our roadmap](roadmap.md) of where we want the project to go currently and over the next 1, 5, and 10 years.
4) [How to contribute](CONTRIBUTING.md)

# Purpose

The purpose of this project is to collect haromonization scripts for data sets related to soil carbon to enable scientific research.
This project identifies soil carbon datasets that are publicly avaiable, provides data harmonization scripts to integrate those data sets, and provides output scripts for a harmonized data product.
Data can come from field surveys, field manipulation studies, and laboratory experiments.

This project is not a repository or data archive.
End users are responsible for complying with ALL data use policies of the orginal data providers, please check with the orginal archives and reposities to ensure you are complying with use policies.

# How to contribute
Please see the [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md) document for more details on how to contribute, including how to *identify* datasets, contribute to the *code*, and *everything else* that is needed to run an open source community project.

# Open data calls
Below are active data calls for future manuscripts.

1) Labratory incubated soil respiration response to moisture manipulation. Reviewers: K Todd-Brown and B Bond-Lamberty

# Citations
Repository versions will be assigned DOIs as needed.
Any manuscripts which use these data harmonization scripts are asked to cite the appropreate repository version but are not required to list contributers as co-authors.
The aggregation scripts here are licensed under BSD 2-clause. See [LICENSE](LICENSE.txt) for details.

# References of interest

rOpenSci Project: https://ropensci.github.io/

R package for interacting with DataOne: https://jsta.github.io/2017/03/28/dataone.html

Five ways consortia can catalyse open science, Nature, 2017 http://www.nature.com/news/five-ways-consortia-can-catalyse-open-science-1.21706

National Data Service: http://www.nationaldataservice.org/

Commit message:

Added comment on co-authorship
Former-commit-id: a671b2edf947256fc52dc41cf0edc0583e146380

README.md, after:

# Purpose

The purpose of the Soil Organic Carbon Data Rescue and Harmonization Repository (SOC-DRaHR) is to collect haromonization scripts for data sets related to soil carbon to enable scientific research.
This project identifies soil carbon datasets that are publicly avaiable, provides data harmonization scripts to integrate those data sets, and provides output scripts for a harmonized data product.
Data can come from field surveys, field manipulation studies, and laboratory experiments.

This project is not a *data* repository or data.
End users are responsible for complying with ALL data use policies of the orginal data providers, please check with the orginal archives and reposities to ensure you are complying with use policies.

# Links to get started

Here are some important resources to get you started:
1) [International Soil Carbon Network](http://iscn.fluxdata.org/) is our parent organization.
2) [Our code of conduct](CONTRIBUTING.md) is based on the [The Contributor Covenant](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/).
3) [Our roadmap](roadmap.md) of where we want the project to go currently and over the next 1, 5, and 10 years.
4) [How to contribute](CONTRIBUTING.md)

# How to contribute
Please see the [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md) document for more details on how to contribute, including how to *identify* datasets, contribute to the *code*, and *everything else* that is needed to run an open source community project.
Contributers will be offered co-authorship for repository DOI but can not be guaranteed co-authorship on manuscripts, proposals or studies that utilize this repository.
[This repository is licensed here](LICENSE).

# Open data calls
Below are active data calls for future manuscripts.

1) Labratory incubated soil respiration response to moisture manipulation. Reviewers: K Todd-Brown and B Bond-Lamberty

# Citations
Repository versions will be assigned DOIs as needed.
Any manuscripts which use these data harmonization scripts are asked to cite the appropreate repository version but are not required to list contributers as co-authors.
The aggregation scripts here are licensed under BSD 2-clause. See [LICENSE](LICENSE.txt) for details.

# References of interest

rOpenSci Project: https://ropensci.github.io/

R package for interacting with DataOne: https://jsta.github.io/2017/03/28/dataone.html

Five ways consortia can catalyse open science, Nature, 2017 http://www.nature.com/news/five-ways-consortia-can-catalyse-open-science-1.21706

National Data Service: http://www.nationaldataservice.org/
