roadmap.md, before:


# Long term project milestones

1) Identify soil carbon data sets of interest to community
2) Harmonization scripts targeting the identified data sets
3) Educational material for soil science community regarding data management and best practices

Versions (with DOI) will be established at major content development milestones that can either include a significant number of datasets harmonized (10+) or refinement of other content.

We always need:
1) Copy editing for code and documentation
2) Code review

## Current TODO

1) QA/QC scripts that identify likely duplicate values and flag likely outliers for different variables
2) Guides for
    - data contribution
    - repository use for meta-analysis
    - how to hold a hackathon
3) Scripts tying into the MPI/Powell Center radiocarbon and fractionation data efforts
4) Scripts outputing to ISRIC


## One year goal (2018)

* Establish working protocols for project contributions that follow best practices for open source community
* 10 new datasets identified and harmonized by members of the community
* 2 output format scripts developed that tie into other projects
* Develope hackathon/workshop material
* First DOI for project repository
  - needs: script to remove duplicates, script to flag bad value ranges, output script, input script
* Identify interested funders

## Five year goal (2018-2023)

* Continue haromonizing 12 new datasets per year
* Transfer variables of interest to ISRIC
* Online lesson for data management, contributions to the project, and utilization of data product for meta analysis
* Formal ontology based on data ingestion keys to automate common data ingestions
* Use of harmonization package in 1 scientific product a year by general community
* Funding for project coordinators and community events.

## Ten year goal (2018-2028)

* Expand backend to deal with high dimentional data (spectral, 'omics, and high resolution temporal)
* Funding for project coordinators, community events, and key contributors.

Commit message:

Add identified data table to TODO list

roadmap.md, after:


# Long term project milestones

1) Identify soil carbon data sets of interest to community
2) Harmonization scripts targeting the identified data sets
3) Educational material for soil science community regarding data management and best practices

Versions (with DOI) will be established at major content development milestones that can either include a significant number of datasets harmonized (10+) or refinement of other content.

We always need:
1) Copy editing for code and documentation
2) Code review

## Current TODO

1) QA/QC scripts that identify likely duplicate values and flag likely outliers for different variables
2) Guides for
    - data contribution
    - repository use for meta-analysis
    - how to hold a hackathon
3) Scripts tying into the MPI/Powell Center radiocarbon and fractionation data efforts
4) Scripts outputing to ISRIC
5) Transfer identified data sets from 'Issues' to a markdown table


## One year goal (2018)

* Establish working protocols for project contributions that follow best practices for open source community
* 10 new datasets identified and harmonized by members of the community
* 2 output format scripts developed that tie into other projects
* Develope hackathon/workshop material
* First DOI for project repository
  - needs: script to remove duplicates, script to flag bad value ranges, output script, input script
* Identify interested funders

## Five year goal (2018-2023)

* Continue haromonizing 12 new datasets per year
* Transfer variables of interest to ISRIC
* Online lesson for data management, contributions to the project, and utilization of data product for meta analysis
* Formal ontology based on data ingestion keys to automate common data ingestions
* Use of harmonization package in 1 scientific product a year by general community
* Funding for project coordinators and community events.

## Ten year goal (2018-2028)

* Expand backend to deal with high dimentional data (spectral, 'omics, and high resolution temporal)
* Funding for project coordinators, community events, and key contributors.
